App auth method policy - trusted CA issuer docs (#21187)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/certificatebasedapplicationconfiguration-post-trustedcertificateauthorities.md

---

> title: "Create certificateAuthorityAsEntity"
> description: "Create a new certificateAuthorityAsEntity object."
> author: "madansr7"
> ms.localizationpriority: medium
> ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
> doc_type: apiPageType
> ---
> 
> # Create certificateAuthorityAsEntity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Create trustedCertificateAuthority"
description: "Create a new trusted certificate authority in a certificateBasedApplicationConfiguration object."
author: "madansr7"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create trustedCertificateAuthority
```

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Create a new [certificateAuthorityAsEntity](../resources/certificateauthorityasentity.md) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new trusted certificate authority in a [certificateBasedApplicationConfiguration](../resources/certificatebasedapplicationconfiguration.md) object.
```

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|AppCertTrustConfiguration.Read.All, AppCertTrustConfiguration.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|AppCertTrustConfiguration.Read.All, AppCertTrustConfiguration.ReadWrite.All|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /directory/certificateAuthorities/certificateBasedApplicationConfigurations/{certificateBasedApplicationConfigurationId}/trustedCertificateAuthorities
```

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [certificateAuthorityAsEntity](../resources/certificateauthorityasentity.md) object.

You can specify the following properties when you create a **certificateAuthorityAsEntity**.

> **Note:** A maximum of 10 trusted authorities are allowed per **trustedCertificateAuthorities** collection.

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|certificate|Binary|The trusted certificate. Required.|

> |isRootAuthority|Boolean|Indicates if the certificate is a root authority. Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isRootAuthority|Boolean|Indicates if the certificate is a root authority. Required. Only one object in a **trustedCertificateAuthorities** collection can be the root authority.|
```
